Grinded husband was not nearly uniform started scattered
This rush was not attached Sibelius out of the eggplant is a mystery public opinion first top
Hokule'a also followed but because evening style ice from single place and or out from the outside
In addition, the sound major also caught up from the outside and spread widely .
Or
Oh to Hokule'a combat Example 1 corner also went a gray hair in the rear second place third place
Outside the mystery code, the sound measure follows the curve in the second corner
The other is the curve of the second corner while looking ahead of the 4th evening sky
rb and beneath Plie outside the mojito is go out in the direction front is behind the group is additionally run
There is also No. 2 of a boiled different length seventh American Diner is additionally run is behind the midfield
Going into the front 2 horses behind the body Slightly after catching up Winning planet is the third of the
Western genre
We cut the remaining 1000m to No. 8 true Garude from between
In most of the sound to the add run
The second highest from the back is Nishino Kogetsu The highest peak of this scene is summer Sibelius of double chain No. 4
It is a road energy that can send one head
Enter the curve in the third corner and cut 800. North layer to cut the top
Let's line up and say LaGuardia 3 corner round and say winning planets are almost lined up
It was remaining 600 cut alongside three animals in the posture, such as
I'm using the legs inside the sucker's mystery while looking at these three heads came up from the outside
34 in the corner that sound measures come at once close
3 since the beginning of the four-corner edition from between all the true Gull Day to ya along a stretch from the large outer
Mojito
I went to a straight course from the 4 corner curve c Lagalia turned straight at the beginning
I Te bus stop fish delay Ya
In addition real considerably put out 20 billion to the Serie issue to come alongside mystery code
Whether the battle is thrust biasing
About Nakao Evening current
We climbed up the hill and threw away the Misselier 's robbery who looked up to third and second from the record
2 battles are close agreement and it's supposed to be in production even sky
Did you go up to brotherhood